the biggest event in two million years
is about to go to a whole new dimension
nobody move a muscle on July 4 even
living above an entire world
that we didn't even know it I feel so
puny the greatest heroes in history will
boldly go where no other mammals would
dare Ray Romano
he'll bounce back it's one of the
advantages of being said John Leguizamo
mommy Denis Louie and Queen Latifah
Ellie talk to the trucks craft and
introducing scratch a
[Music]
you don't spit out little Johnny we're
leaving the playground dish instant
there we are a picture of health little
Johnny nothing for the dawn of a new age
I'd say dawn of the dinosaurs know just
the thing
Sid whatever you're doing it's a bad
idea
[Music]
theaters fourth of July weekend in
digital 3d
[Music]